Update Repository.rst (#3180)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/Extbase/Reference/Domain/Repository.rst

    Depending on the query settings, hidden or even deleted objects can become
    visible. This might cause sensitive information to be disclosed. Use with care.

..  attention::

>     Since introduction of Services.yaml with TYPO3 10 you may have to flush

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Since introduction of :ref:`dependency injection via Services.yaml <dependency-injection-in-extensions>` 
    with TYPO3 v10 you may have to flush
```
Let us link this
